Firmware Engineer-4
Dexcom Inc
Company Logo
8 - 13 years
35-40 Lacs P.A.
Bengaluru( Manayata Tech Park )
Send me jobs like this
Posted: 1 week ago
Openings: 1
Applicants: 100+
Save
Apply
Follow Dexcom Inc as you apply to stay updated
Job highlights
BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science with 8-13 years of experience in embedded firmware development
Design and implement firmware for wearable devices, lead Embedded Firmware team projects, ensure on-time delivery of technology cycles
Job match score
Early Applicant
Keyskills
Location
Work Experience
Job description

Meet the team:

The Firmware team is responsible for designing and implementation of wearable and handheld receiver firmware and embedded software at Dexcom. This includes from early research through to product manufacturing. The FW team is embarking on transformational improvements in deploying best in class agile methodologies, AI implementations, Telemetry Data Analysis, and new build frameworks. The Staff Firmware Engineer will work closely with Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, V&V test team, and SW development teams.


Where you come in:

You will bring expertise in bare metal firmware and embedded RTOS software design & development.
You will lead projects as a System Integrator for the Embedded Firmware team, managing the Sprints, Schedule, and Resource Skill Set alignment.
You will have in-depth experience with software development tools (e.g., Jira, Github, Make).
You will be called on to support other departments to resolve product complaints, IOP triage or when expert advice is needed.
You will be expected to be collaborative, open, transparent, and team-oriented with a focus on team empowerment with shared responsibility and flexibility.
You will ensure delivery of technology and product development cycles on-time, on budget and with high quality results.

What makes you successful:

You bring a breath of experience in high-reliability firmware design, including agile development values & principals.
You have experience leading a Embedded Firmware team for project execution.
You bring experience including the full firmware development life cycle which includes requirements, design, coding, testing and integration of low power systems.
You bring experience in hands-on embedded systems with a fast-paced complex product development process where power management, signal processing, BLE/Wifi connectivity, memory allocation, and complex algorithms are key product design elements.
You will have 5+ years of experience at bare metal C/C++ programming for embedded ARM microcontrollers; including use of Make and GCC cross compilers.
You have previously worked with CI/CD pipeline frameworks, scrums/kanban, branching strategies, and utilization of latest developmental tools.
You have experience in creating and maintaining software requirements and the development of test use cases from the requirements.
You are highly collaborative and have a desire to reach across the organization to understand stakeholder needs and how to meet them.
You have a culture of listening, serving with integrity, thinking big, and being dependable.
You have a minimum of a BS degree in either electrical engineering or computer science.

Education and Experience Requirement:

Typically requires a Bachelors degree in a technical discipline, and a minimum of 8-13 years related experience
Role: Automation Test Engineer
Industry Type: Medical Devices & Equipment
Department: Engineering - Software & QA
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Quality Assurance and Testing
Education
UG: B.Tech/B.E. in Any Specialization
PG: MCA in Any Specialization, MS/M.Sc(Science) in Any Specialization, M.Tech in Any Specialization
Key Skills
Skills highlighted with ‘‘ are preferred keyskills
Embedded C Microcontroller Firmware Testing Ble Bluetooth Low Energy
Bluetooth Embedded Systems WiFi Firmware Development